{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 RECORD:\
\
Code: 0618\
\
\
4:57- Couldn\'92t do lunch because the menu changed.  Apparently around 4 there was a guy who downloaded the app and came back to use it, so that\'92s something.  Currently there are a couple girls sitting at OZ2 (41)\
\
5:08- Hispanic lady sat down at OZ4 (74)\
\
5:24- People have ordered.  Their order is in the system.  Talked to a waiter and he really liked the idea, especially the default 20% tip and splitting\
\
5:32- Two women sat down as OZ3 (63)\
\
5:46- Hispanic lady (who I think is actually indian) is paying, not using the app\
\
5:54-Hispanic/Indian lady left, she did not take a card\
\
5:32- Two women got their food (OZ3, 63)\
\
6:35- An  individual lady sat down at OZ6 (42)\
\
6:45- Another lady has joined OZ6 (42)\
\
6:49- OZ3 (63) did not use the app.\
\
6:57- OZ6 (42) has ordered\
\
NOTE: Tuna topping costs $8\
\
7:01- Awesome server just offered to direct people to use the app!\
\
7:08- OZ6 sounds like it\'92s gonna use the app!  Two people at OZ1\
\
NOTE: Grilled Shrimp cost $6, beets cost $2, Asparagus costs $1.  Also BEET salad.  Not beSt.\
\
7:19-People sat at OZ3 and OZ2\
\
Note: Plain Pizza is $10, Sangria is $9\
\
7:43- People at OZ1-OZ3, OZ6 have ordered.  Random couple wanted to be able to use the app\
\
7:44- Two girls sit at OZ4 and OZ5\
\
Note: You need a salad menu\
\
7:58- OZ6 did not use the app. Will ask.\
\
8:03- OZ1 & OZ2 did not use the app\
\
8:12- OZ3 did not use the app\
\
8:27- Talked to the girls from OZ6 who didn\'92t use the app.  They were just being lazy.\
\
8:38-OZ4 did not use the app, someone is sitting at OZ6\
\
8:58-OZ5 did not use the app.  I am officially depressed.\
\
9:13-OS6 did not use the app.\
\
9:58-New people at OZ6 & OZ5\
\
10:47- OZ6 did not use the app\
\
END: Startup guy (OZ5) used the app.  But only \'91cus he\'92s a startup guy}